benchmark: add sysbench in Kubernetes benchmark report (#1498)
pingcap/docs: dev/benchmark/sysbench-in-k8s.md

- Each component is configured as below. Unconfigured components use the default values.

PD:

```toml
[log]
level = "info"
[replication]
location-labels = ["region", "zone", "rack", "host"]
```

TiDB:

```toml
[log]
level = "error"
[prepared-plan-cache]
enabled = true
[tikv-client]
max-batch-wait-time = 2000000
```

TiKV:

```toml
log-level = "error"
[server]
status-addr = "0.0.0.0:20180"
grpc-concurrency = 6
[readpool.storage]
normal-concurrency = 10
[rocksdb.defaultcf]
block-cache-size = "14GB"
[rocksdb.writecf]
block-cache-size = "8GB"
[rocksdb.lockcf]
block-cache-size = "1GB"
[raftstore]
apply-pool-size = 3
store-pool-size = 3
```

### TiDB parameter configuration

```
set global tidb_hashagg_final_concurrency=1;
set global tidb_hashagg_partial_concurrency=1;
set global tidb_disable_txn_auto_retry=0;
```

### Hardware recommendations

#### Machine types

For the test in single AZ (Available Zone), the following machine types are chosen:

| Component     | Instance type       | Count  |
| :---     | :---------     | :---- |
| PD       | n1-standard-4  | 3     |
| TiKV     | c2-standard-16 | 3     |
| TiDB     | c2-standard-16 | 3     |
| Sysbench | c2-standard-30 | 1     |

> For the test (2019.08) where the result in multiple Azs is compared with that in single AZ, the c2 machine cannot be simultaneously adopted in three AZs within the same GCP Region, so the following machine types are chosen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the test (2019.08) where the result in multiple Azs is compared with that in single AZ, the c2 machine is not simultaneously available in three AZs within the same GCP Region, so the following machine types are chosen:
```

Reviewer: @cofyc Is this what you mean?

Reviewer 2: from my perspective, both are correct. the c2 machine is not  simultaneously available in three AZs, so we cannot adopt c2 machine simultaneously in three AZs.

Reviewer 2: however, I prefer the suggested version which clarifies the reason behind.

| 1200    | 258835.24 | 10.09           |
| 1500    | 280114.00 | 12.75           |

QPS comparison:

![Single Zonal vs Regional](/media/sysbench-in-k8s/single-zonal-vs-regional-qps.png)

Latency comparison:

![Single Zonal vs Regional](/media/sysbench-in-k8s/single-zonal-vs-regional-latency.png)

From the images above, the impact of network latency goes down as the concurrency pressure increases. In this situation, the extra network latency is no longer the main bottleneck of performance.

## Conclusion

This is a test of TiDB using sysbench running in Kubernetes deployed on a typical public cloud platform. The purpose is to learn how different factors might affect the performance of TiDB. On the whole, these influencing factors include the following items:

- In the VPC-Native mode, TiDB performs slightly better in Host network than in Pod network. (The difference, ~7%, is measured in QPS. Performance differences caused by the factors below are also measured by QPS.)
- In Host network, TiDB performs better (~9%) in the read test on Ubuntu provided by GCP than on COS.
- The TiDB performance is slightly lower (~5%) if it is accessed outside the cluster via Load Balancer.

> - Increased latency among nodes in multiple AZs has certain impact on the TiDB performance (30% ~ 6%. The impact diminishes )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increased latency among nodes in multiple AZs has a certain impact on the TiDB performance (30% ~ 6%; the impact diminishes as the concurrent number increases).
```

> - The QPS performance is greatly improved (50%-60%) if the Point Select read test is conducted on machines of computing type (compared with general types), because the test mainly consumes CPU resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The QPS performance is greatly improved (50% ~ 60%) if the Point Select read test is conducted on machines of computing type (compared with general types), because the test mainly consumes CPU resources.
```
